we are already working and missing less
of 8 days for the season for the
start of the championship season
a new 200 meter screen
square as we promised a blackboard
also revamped in the box scores
also the fans will be able to see
the two alternatives of baseball level
of what the event is like
such the high sound system
definition a sound system that already
yesterday the first technical test was made
it's a high definition sound too
that goes hand in hand with the screen
in the internal part the field rejuvenated
also hit them all with measures
necessary for what they demand
free on the outside we can see
also that we are already with
crystallizing this project to have that
access is those lockers with a roof
for the fans so that I do not know
your fans spend so much heat every time
who come to buy tickets in front
to the box office that by the way from
of the day Monday that they can not come to
Buy tickets
the lateral and if tier has 8 of the
tomorrow at 4 o'clock in the afternoon
corridos
the novelty of the food fair we have
a new food fair with 15 places
as a first part we're going to have seven and
then we will continue during during the
season we will continue working for
crystallize these seven premises and to
already have an amount of 14 more premises
a bathroom system that is for the
commercials that are there
the stage also for him everything that is
the square we are going to have it as a boulevard
so that you as fans
the fans can come to the stadium
I start to make life with the family
distract yourself safely with that
satisfaction of being an eagle fan
of yours the security part in this
moment that we are going to determine the
meeting with the whole security body
and everyone is already deployed
have about 600 men
of security in everything that is the
stadium from avenida 25 which is the
avenue that is before entering the wine
aparicio and the whole picture on Monday
we must be here already practicing in the
luis aparicio yesterday I had a meeting with
the general manager roberto machado who
he told me that he needed since the
team was practicing that the luis
aparicio asked him on Monday and at
Monday we must be practicing and
we hope that for that same day
Monday I'll be god by the
manager and with the team of all
ways the team is coming out ready
to make a preseason game
from today until Sunday and it's going to
arrive
on Monday the team that will arrive
suddenly it will be the complete team but
Eduardo, I imagine that there are going to be
players already in action to take the
decision and know who will be the
that will be opening the series and
the 2014-2015 season